Add documentation for  LTV Unicycle Controller (#2792)
wpilibsuite/frc-docs: source/docs/software/advanced-controls/trajectories/ltv.rst

Reviewer: Should link to the LQR page that the API docs link to for tuning info and show the other constructors.

# LTV Unicycle Controller
The LTV Unicycle Controller ([C++](https://github.wpilib.org/allwpilib/docs/release/cpp/classfrc_1_1_l_t_v_unicycle_controller.html), [Java](https://github.wpilib.org/allwpilib/docs/release/java/edu/wpi/first/math/controller/LTVUnicycleController.html), :external:py:class:`Python <wpimath.controller.LTVUnicycleController>`) is a trajectory tracker that is built in to WPILib. This tracker can be used to accurately track trajectories with correction for minor disturbances.

## Constructing the LTV Unicycle Controller Object

> 

Reviewer: Control is misspelled in `State Space contrl LQR tuning`

> The LTV Unicycle controller should be initialized with four parameters. `qelms` is a vector of the maximum desired error tolerance in the X and Y directions and heading. `relms` is a vector of the desired control effort in linear velocity and angular velocity. `dt` represents the timestep used in calculations (the default loop rate of 20 ms is a reasonable value) and `maxVelocity` should be the max velocity your robot can achieve. See :ref:`The State Space contrl LQR Tuning <docs/software/advanced-controls/state-space/state-space-intro:LQR: tuning>` for more information on the effect of `relms` and `qelms` on the controller.

Reviewer 2: `qelms` and `relms` are misspelled. LTVUnicycleController.java spells them `qelems` and `relems`, like "Q elements" and "R elements".

> The code example below initialize the LTV Unicycle Controller with `qelms` of 0.0625 m in X, 0.125 m in Y, and 2 radians in heading; `relms` of 1 m/s of linear velocity, and 2 rad/sec angular velocity; `dt` of 20 ms; and `maxVelocity` of 9 m/s.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The code example below initializes the LTV Unicycle Controller with `qelms` of 0.0625 m in X, 0.125 m in Y, and 2 radians in heading; `relms` of 1 m/s of linear velocity, and 2 rad/sec angular velocity; `dt` of 20 ms; and `maxVelocity` of 9 m/s.
```
This should probably justify why the heading tolerance is so large so students don't repeatedly ask about it. It's to allow the y controller (crosstrack error controller) to overpower the heading controller so crosstrack error gets driven to zero.

.. tab-set-code::
   ```java
   LTVUnicycleController controller = new LTVUnicycleController(VecBuilder.fill(0.0625, 0.125, 2.0), VecBuilder.fill(1.0, 2.0), 0.02, 9);
   ```

   ```c++
   frc::LTVUnicycleController controller{{0.0625, 0.125, 2.0}, {1.0, 2.0}, 0.02_s, 9_mps};
   ```

   ```python
   controller = LTVUnicycleController([0.0625, 0.125, 2.0], [1.0, 2.0], 0.02, 9)
   ```

> ## Getting Adjusted Velocities

Reviewer 2: The proper technical term for them is velocity commands. They come from how the outer control loop (pose -> velocity) is commanding the inner control loop (velocity -> voltage/current).
```suggestion
## Getting Velocity Commands
```

Reviewer 3: Should this also apply to the Ramsete article?

Reviewer 2: Yes.

> The LTV Unicycle controller returns "adjusted velocities" so that the when the robot tracks these velocities, it accurately reaches the goal point. The controller should be updated periodically with the new goal. The goal comprises of a desired pose, desired linear velocity, and desired angular velocity. Furthermore, the current position of the robot should also be updated periodically. The controller uses these four arguments to return the adjusted linear and angular velocity. Users should command their robot to these linear and angular velocities to achieve optimal trajectory tracking.

Reviewer 2: This is very wordy, repeats itself, and repeats information from the next paragraph. Here's a shorter version.
```suggestion
The LTV Unicycle controller returns linear and angular velocity commands which, if followed, will make the robot accurately reach a goal state consisting of a desired pose, desired linear velocity, and desired angular velocity.
```

> .. note:: The "goal pose" represents the position that the robot should be at a particular timestep when tracking the trajectory. It does NOT represent the final endpoint of the trajectory.

Reviewer 2: This isn't entirely accurate. The trajectory classes define goal to be where the robot should be eventually, and they define reference to be where the robot should be right now.

> The controller can be updated using the ``Calculate`` (C++) / ``calculate`` (Java/Python) method. There are two overloads for this method. Both of these overloads accept the current robot position as the first parameter. For the other parameters, one of these overloads takes in the goal as three separate parameters (pose, linear velocity, and angular velocity) whereas the other overload accepts a ``Trajectory.State`` object, which contains information about the goal pose. For its ease, users should use the latter method when tracking trajectories.

Reviewer 2: Note that the second overload only applies to those using the WPILib trajectory API, which is rare these days.
```suggestion
The controller can be updated using the ``Calculate`` (C++) / ``calculate`` (Java/Python) method. The first overload of this method accepts the current robot pose, desired robot pose, desired linear velocity, and desired angular velocity. The second overload accepts the current robot pose and desired pose, linear velocity, and angular velocity as a ``Trajectory.State`` object. This overload is ideal for those using the WPILib trajectory API.
```

.. tab-set-code::

   ```java
   Trajectory.State goal = trajectory.sample(3.4); // sample the trajectory at 3.4 seconds from the beginning
   ChassisSpeeds adjustedSpeeds = controller.calculate(currentRobotPose, goal);
   ```

   ```c++
   const Trajectory::State goal = trajectory.Sample(3.4_s); // sample the trajectory at 3.4 seconds from the beginning
   ChassisSpeeds adjustedSpeeds = controller.Calculate(currentRobotPose, goal);
   ```

   ```python
   goal = trajectory.sample(3.4)  # sample the trajectory at 3.4 seconds from the beginning
   adjustedSpeeds = controller.calculate(currentRobotPose, goal)
   ```

These calculations should be performed at every loop iteration, with an updated robot position and goal.

> ## Using the Adjusted Velocities

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Using the velocity commands
```

> The adjusted velocities are of type ``ChassisSpeeds``, which contains a ``vx`` (linear velocity in the forward direction), a ``vy`` (linear velocity in the sideways direction), and an ``omega`` (angular velocity around the center of the robot frame).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The velocity commands are of type ``ChassisSpeeds``, which contains a ``vx`` (linear velocity in the forward direction), a ``vy`` (linear velocity in the sideways direction), and an ``omega`` (angular velocity around the center of the robot frame).
```

> The returned adjusted speeds can be converted to usable speeds using the kinematics classes for your drivetrain type. For example, the adjusted velocities can be converted to left and right velocities for a differential drive using a ``DifferentialDriveKinematics`` object.

Reviewer 2: We should mention earlier in the article that this controller only applies to nonholonomic drivetrains like differential drive. Holonomic drivetrains can use more optimal controllers like separate decoupled PD controllers, because they don't have to deal with nonholonomic limitations like not being able to move sideways.

.. tab-set-code::

   ```java
   ChassisSpeeds adjustedSpeeds = controller.calculate(currentRobotPose, goal);
   DifferentialDriveWheelSpeeds wheelSpeeds = kinematics.toWheelSpeeds(adjustedSpeeds);
   double left = wheelSpeeds.leftMetersPerSecond;
   double right = wheelSpeeds.rightMetersPerSecond;
   ```

   ```c++
   ChassisSpeeds adjustedSpeeds = controller.Calculate(currentRobotPose, goal);
   DifferentialDriveWheelSpeeds wheelSpeeds = kinematics.ToWheelSpeeds(adjustedSpeeds);
   auto [left, right] = kinematics.ToWheelSpeeds(adjustedSpeeds);
   ```

   ```python
   adjustedSpeeds = controller.calculate(currentRobotPose, goal)
   wheelSpeeds = kinematics.toWheelSpeeds(adjustedSpeeds)
   left = wheelSpeeds.left
   right = wheelSpeeds.right
   ```

> Because these new left and right velocities are still speeds and not voltages, two PID Controllers, one for each side may be used to track these velocities. Either the WPILib PIDController ([C++](https://github.wpilib.org/allwpilib/docs/release/cpp/classfrc_1_1_p_i_d_controller.html), [Java](https://github.wpilib.org/allwpilib/docs/release/java/edu/wpi/first/math/controller/PIDController.html), :external:py:class:`Python <wpimath.controller.PIDController>`) can be used, or the Velocity PID feature on smart motor controllers such as the TalonSRX and the SPARK MAX can be used.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These new left and right velocities are still speeds and not voltages, so two PID Controllers, one for each side, should be used to track them. You can use either the WPILib PIDController ([C++](https://github.wpilib.org/allwpilib/docs/release/cpp/classfrc_1_1_p_i_d_controller.html), [Java](https://github.wpilib.org/allwpilib/docs/release/java/edu/wpi/first/math/controller/PIDController.html), :external:py:class:`Python <wpimath.controller.PIDController>`) or the Velocity PID feature on smart motor controllers such as the TalonSRX and the SPARK MAX.
```

# LTV Unicycle Controller
The LTV Unicycle Controller ([C++](https://github.wpilib.org/allwpilib/docs/release/cpp/classfrc_1_1_l_t_v_unicycle_controller.html), [Java](https://github.wpilib.org/allwpilib/docs/release/java/edu/wpi/first/math/controller/LTVUnicycleController.html), :external:py:class:`Python <wpimath.controller.LTVUnicycleController>`) is a trajectory tracker that is built in to WPILib. This tracker can be used to accurately track trajectories with correction for minor disturbances for differential drivetrains.

.. note:: LTV has replaced RAMSETE, because it has more intuitive tuning.

## Constructing the LTV Unicycle Controller Object

> The LTV Unicycle controller should be initialized with four parameters. `qelems` is a vector of the maximum desired error tolerance in the X and Y directions and heading. `relems` is a vector of the desired control effort in linear velocity and angular velocity. `dt` represents the timestep used in calculations (the default loop rate of 20 ms is a reasonable value) and `maxVelocity` should be the max velocity your robot can achieve. See :ref:`The State Space control LQR Tuning <docs/software/advanced-controls/state-space/state-space-intro:LQR: tuning>` for more information on the effect of `relems` and `qelems` on the controller.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The LTV Unicycle controller should be initialized with four parameters. `qelems` is a vector of the maximum desired error tolerance in the X and Y directions and heading. `relems` is a vector of the desired control effort in linear velocity and angular velocity. `dt` represents the timestep used in calculations (the default loop rate of 20 ms is a reasonable value) and `maxVelocity` should be the max velocity your robot can achieve. See :ref:`The State Space control LQR Tuning <docs/software/advanced-controls/state-space/state-space-intro:LQR: tuning>` for more information on the effect of `qelems` and `relems` on the controller.
```

   ```

   ```c++
   const Trajectory::State reference = trajectory.Sample(3.4_s); // sample the trajectory at 3.4 seconds from the beginning
   ChassisSpeeds adjustedSpeeds = controller.Calculate(currentRobotPose, reference);
   ```

   ```python
   reference = trajectory.sample(3.4)  # sample the trajectory at 3.4 seconds from the beginning
   adjustedSpeeds = controller.calculate(currentRobotPose, reference)
   ```

These calculations should be performed at every loop iteration, with an updated robot position and reference.

## Using the Velocity Commands
The velocity commands are of type ``ChassisSpeeds``, which contains a ``vx`` (linear velocity in the forward direction), a ``vy`` (linear velocity in the sideways direction), and an ``omega`` (angular velocity around the center of the robot frame).

The returned adjusted speeds can be converted to usable speeds using the kinematics classes for your drivetrain type. For example, the adjusted velocities can be converted to left and right velocities for a differential drive using a ``DifferentialDriveKinematics`` object.

.. tab-set-code::

   ```java

>    ChassisSpeeds adjustedSpeeds = controller.calculate(currentRobotPose, referencel);

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   ChassisSpeeds adjustedSpeeds = controller.calculate(currentRobotPose, reference);
```
